Upd README (#10)
meilisearch/docs-scraper: README.md

# Docs Scraper <!-- omit in TOC -->

> A scraper for your documentation website, indexing the content into a MeiliSearch instance.

Reviewer: This sentence is confusing. This is a scraper that will scrap your documentation and index the content into a MeiliSearch instance? If this is the case : 
```suggestion
A scraper for your documentation website that indexes the scraped content into a MeiliSearch instance.
```
